Objective: write software to automate the process of scraping web articles relating to governmental distribution of public goods in Armenia. Categorize these articles according to the provided labels (ex. education related, army related, etc.) or mark them as irrelevant. Also attempt to parse metadata from the article, such as topic, date, etc.


Tools:
Python 2.7.15 - Libraries used: sklearn(SVM implementation), pandas(parsing CSV data), numpy(format data s.t. it can be used with sklearn), bs4, requests, selenium
Chromedriver

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Done so far:

	Obtain data from Jane in form of excel sheet with article info, text, label

	Preprocess text

	Determine a machine learning method that would work well in this process - bag of words model Linear SVM classifier

	Use school dataset to begin with 

	Given articles returned using the 'school' keyword, write linear classifier to predict only whether the article is relevant to schools or not

	Scraper for armenpress.am english articles

	Parser for some elements of armenpress.am english articles

	Classifier for both labels and relevancy

	Run trained classifier on this data to determine relevant articles

	Determine accuracy

TODO:

	FIX Armenia Scraper

	FIX rferl scraper punctuation issues

	read articles

	start documenting issues

	look into adding to dataset from other countries

	word frequencies

	repeat process for russian articles

	repeat process for armenian articles?
	

Issues:

Ran classifier on training set consisting of around 200 articles - classifier reported accuracy of INSERT PERCENTAGE but upon inspecting further was simply predicting all articles as junk/irrelevant. Due to small training set size, as well as high proportion of junk in training set.

Need to resolve this with a lot more relevant articles in the training set to ensure that the training set has an even proportion of articles from each category, including junk articles

Need articles in order to determine a theme of the paper - one potential idea could be finding keywords that are most important to relevant articles in a certain subject - maybe ask to focus on one subject for now in order to find this. Could also use the presence of these keywords to further classify whether the article shows governmental good, bad, etc?


